Solskjaer has won 14 out of 17 matches since replacing the sacked Jose Mourinho in December and captain Ashley Young said on the caretaker's chance of getting the job full time: "If you look from the outside you'd say 'why not?' He's been fantastic since he's come in, a breath of fresh air.

"The way he's gone about the job has been unbelievable. The achievements we've made in a short space of time have been fantastic.

"Luckily for us as players we don't have to decide, it's down to the owners and the directors."

The achievement at the Parc Des Princes was made all the more remarkable considering Solskjaer was without 10 first team players, including the suspended Paul Pogba and injured stars Nemanja Matic, Ander Herrera, Anthony Martial, Alexis Sanchez and Juan Mata.

"I said last week I believed in the team, even with the injuries we've had," Shaw said. "I felt we were capable of pulling something off and even earlier today I said to [reserve goalkeeper] Lee Grant that we were going to win, I could feel it.

"But that sums up what the mood is like in the camp now and that's a big plus for the boss and what he's done in this period of time and how much he's changed things around."

‘I do believe Bale would reignite his career if he came to Man Utd. I believe Bale needs to be loved and that’s exactly what the Utd fans and Solskjaer would do for him. ‘If Bale were to leave Real Madrid, Man Utd have a great advantage in the fact that they are one of the only clubs that could afford his wages. ‘With a few players contracts expiring in the summer, I wouldn’t be surprised if this was something the board were thinking about and why they may not be renewing some.’ England teenage star Sancho has also been linked with a move to Manchester United, less than two years after joining Borussia Dortmund from Man City.

Read more: https://metro.co.uk/2019/03/07/manchester-united-urged-to-sign-three-players-including-real-madrid-forward-gareth-bale-8857684/?ito=cbshare

Twitter: https://twitter.com/MetroUK | Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/MetroUK/

The Red Devils are said to be weighing up a huge offer for the 18-year-old and Kanchelskis says he would be a ‘great signing’ for his former club. ‘He’s young and English which is the perfect mould for United,’ he added. ‘It’s crazy to think that a player who was let go for so cheap can suddenly come back to the Premier League for £90 million, but I guess United did something similar with Pogba from Juventus. ‘Sancho has really shown what he is capable of at Dortmund and it’s been great to see a teenager go abroad and become a first team regular for a potential title winning team.

Read more: https://metro.co.uk/2019/03/07/manchester-united-urged-to-sign-three-players-including-real-madrid-forward-gareth-bale-8857684/?ito=cbshare

Twitter: https://twitter.com/MetroUK | Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/MetroUK/

PARIS -- On Wednesday night, one of the greatest nights in Manchester United's history, Frederico Rodrigues de Paula Santos ("Fred"), the club's fourth-most expensive signing ever, had his best game for the club he joined last July. Alongside Scott McTominay in central midfield, the two "irregulars" stepped in due to injuries and suspensions, and faced the daunting prospect of taking on the brilliance of Marco Verratti and Julian Draxler, with Marquinhos just behind them. It was a tough test, one the unlikely midfield duo passed with distinction.

Fred stopped Kylian Mbappe, provided a barrier against Angel Di Maria and was one of the first players on the scene when PSG's players tried to get at and unsettle Marcus Rashford ahead of his tie-winning penalty.

"We've had a great game," Fred told ESPN after the match. "We are so happy tonight. We played without the ball all game. We knew it was going to be hard, but we have a knowledge and humility to look for victory."

Fred needed a good performance, too.

"This was my best moment since I moved to Manchester United," he said. "I felt had a great game. It's a long time since I played like this: two games in a row. I'm very happy. I want to continue to play like this, to play games."

The watching football world might have been caught unawares by the outcome, but the Brazilian, who turned 26 on Tuesday, was not.


"It's been a hard few months," said the man who lists the "three R's" -- Robinho, Ronaldinho and Ronaldo -- as his biggest influences. "I have not been playing. There has been a lot of things going on in my mind. Ole has helped me a lot. He had a lot of chats with me. [Michael Carrick] also speaks to me a lot. That brings me calm that things will turn around for me. They trust me and I feel that trust. And they were right to trust me because I showed tonight that I can play against one of the best teams in the world and play well.

"I'm very, very happy. My confidence is getting better."

Fans saw him always wanting the ball against the French champions and nobody can say he and McTominay didn't put in the hard yards on a slick Parc des Princes surface. Fred told ESPN he likes to "link the defence to the attack, to tackle, to win the ball back." He looks to quickly pass forward, and while there are still errors in his game, more minutes should bring more confidence and better form.

With United in the last eight of the Champions League and the FA Cup, there will be no shortage of matches either. He'll also be cut slack in his first season and there are enough football people around who think he's got what it takes.

"When United signed him I thought it was a good move," explains his compatriot and former United player Fabio da Silva, now at Nantes. "I'd watched him in the Champions League for Shakhtar and thought he would be perfect for United. He's box to box, he runs everywhere. Darren Fletcher used to run everywhere.

"Fred's fast and he's aggressive: two qualities which you have to have in English football. You have no chance without aggression in English football.

"It's like something had held him back," Fabio continued. "Maybe the high price, which is not something a player decides. Maybe a few bad games early on and that can affect your confidence. Don't forget that he's in a new country where he can't speak the language. I speak from experience. It's hard when you try to explain your feelings and you can't fully do it.

"But he has the qualities to do well as a United player and he showed that against a great PSG team -- one I've played against [since joining Nantes]. And a team we were supposed to play against this Saturday. Plus, I never have a problem with a Brazilian playing for Man United."

Fred, who rates Luka Modric and Paul Pogba as the best two players in the world at his favoured position, has featured in every game under Solskjaer even when not on the pitch. His name is sung in the "Ole's at the Wheel" fan chant, which was bellowed out loud and proud throughout again in Paris.

"I like it," he said, smiling. He'd just like to be playing more so he can hear it out on the pitch, but on Wednesday night, he did his case no harm as United overturned the odds in the rain in Paris.

